Take home challenge: “Age Gate”

Thanks for your interest in joining the Wyng team! As a way to help us get to know you and your code a little better, we would like to have you build an “age gate.”

An “age gate” is a quick, but not fool-proof, way to confirm that a user is of age before they can see the content of a website. An example of an “age gate” for a local brewery’s website might include a prompt for a user to enter in their date of birth. If they are under 21, they are shown an error message; If they are over 21, they are shown the brewery’s website homepage.
Please build a webpage with the below criteria:

● Include some text elements that give context to this webpage
○ Example: “Welcome to XYZ! Before entering, tell us your age...”

● Include an age gate element that checks if a user is at least 21 years old
○ Consider what happens on success and what happens on fail
○ Consider if users are visiting the site on their 21st birthday

● Include a “remember me” element that allows an “of age” user to bypass the age gate on
subsequent visits

● The webpage should be functioning in the latest versions of these browsers: Chrome,
Safari, Firefox, Edge

● The webpage should be functioning and not look “broken” at any browser breakpoint

● We ask that no styling framework (like Bootstrap, Skeleton, etc.) be used. Please hand-roll
all CSS code
○ You can either take styling direction from a particular client brand or make up your
own designs. We want to see your CSS skills!

● Code should be sent back to Wyng as a zipped folder containing: HTML, CSS, JavaScript,
and if applicable, image files.
○ At the time of review, we will download the .zip and open the index.html file in a
web browser

We ask that you submit your code within four days of when you receive this task. If this is not possible, due to scheduling conflicts - please let us know and we can discuss a new deadline!
Good luck and if you have any questions regarding this challenge, please do not hesitate to reach out!
